two
hello what about guys if you have an action
and today we are in a new video of gta 5
online and I know I've been a week without
upload not a single video but the truth is
that there is a good reason I got really bad
and I did not feel like playing the game or
to get me to edit anyway I was
with the fatal throat and could not
comment anything and well do not think that
our nothing is worth you
answering almost everyone to the sketch of
byn matthews all comics state
sending messages and such and I was also
trying a couple of stunts but
basically one of them during these
seven days in total I will have dedicated
about 14 hours for you to see what it is
a lot of time for a single acrobatics
and he has not been able to is a very acrobatic
difficult I have a friend called us usa
mix that has achieved but in 14
hours I have not been able to have all been
the failures and in principle that was the
acrobatics I had thought for the
first episode of challenges and acrobatics
that's why you have not seen any
previous week and good
and we leave the explanation and in the video
Today I'm going to show you how to walk
below the map after the patch is not
as good as the previous trick but
good you have to come to that
location that I have taught you can you
come here swimming from the
heliport or you can directly come
from this road but it has to be
in this exact location we throw ourselves
to the east tunnel where there is green water
we walk a little towards this
opening and we give the square to
go up now we go to the left and
very carefully, slowly
we went through this wall here and we
we will stay in the water now what we are going to
to do is go swimming but try not to
fall you neither for the right nor we left
on the left it is worth continuing this
sort of hallway and when you get to
these shrubs you are looking for is worth or istanbul
is and let's go a little deep
not too much but we have to leave
a little deep to go below the
soil and then keep us as straight
possible to move to the next hallway
is valid for the next plot
and remember not to fall down or on the right
nor for the left
now we have to get to this
bridge here is worth that black line that
You see in the minimap and once we are
in that location that is here
right here what we are going to do is go
for the right of that area where
you see that there is no water that is directly
we just throw ourselves and we give the X
to open the parachute as soon as possible
better if you do not have a parachute the trick
it can not be done and as you can see we open the
parachute we look towards the area in the
we've thrown it's the bridge
and then we will fall in this is what you are
seeing that I have discovered that there is a
kind of bridges under the map
I was just doing the trick of
water the break I fell and I saw that there was
this that does not paint anything here and at
end get me up if you go for
in front what will happen is that you go
to put as in the water if you go back to the
back, then you can directly
catch oxygen again and stand
shoot up as you are going to see
now
and the whole thing and we can not only
to be on this bridge is now worth
I will show the areas by which we can
go as you are seeing if we get
towards the water and we turn to the left
we can go to the other bridge and as
in the previous one there is a part in which
there is water and another one where we can go
walking
we just go a little bit to
go ahead as you are seeing and we can already
to walk normally recover the
oxygen and shoot from here not now
I will show some areas by
that you should not go, you can swim
a little bit by the water and you can be
here all the time you want but if
you pass the area of ​​water is to do
well here you are going to fall down if you do not
you have seen well how I have opened
parachute and how we got it is worth what
said we simply throw ourselves open
as soon as the parachute and once
be open and let us see below
of the map and we direct it towards
the bridges these are worth in principle this
It can only be done in the old
generation because the new generation
it surely disappears you can not
to cross but I hope you like it
the video that you like to subscribe if
you are not
2 share with friends and bye bye
OK